This document should not be read as hard and fast requirements for the team. Any and all suggestions for improvements and clarifications are welcomed and encouraged.

Given a governor wants to purchase minerals for a colony
When a governor is chosen <--set transient state of governorId to the selected governor
Then the inventory for that governor's colony should be displayed (the mineral names and quantities) <--reference the colony_minerals objects that match the transient state of
    the governor, and then iterate for each object and render the results to DOM
And the facility select element should be enabled <--set a boolean tag/value for an event listener that checks to see if a governor is selected and render the facility element

Given a governor has been chosen ^^
When a mining facility is chosen <--should have a drop down list with available selections
Then the minerals available for purchase should be displayed (the mineral names and quantities) <--iterate on each mineral_facility object to render out quantity to DOM for
    corresponding facility. Should either read the transient state of the facility or create an event listener that would render the necessary data. Both may be necessary for
    future functionality.
And a radio button should be next to each <--iterated quantity should render out in a HTML string as radio buttons along with the name of the mineral.

Given a governor has been chosen ^^
When a mining facility is chosen ^^
Then any minerals with a quantity of 0 should not have a radio button <--part of the render function should include a check to see if the quantity of a mineral is greater than 0
    before it is rendered.

Given a governor has been selected ^^
And a facility has been selected  ^^
When a mineral has been selected <--needs an event listener to check for a "click" or "change" in the value 
Then the chosen mineral should appear in a Space Cart area with a button labeled Purchase Mineral <--render function for the "Space Cart" button should show the selected mineral 
    and what facility it came from. The function should listen for a change in the transient state of the mineral value and populate the mineral based on it's ID. Is this a "PUT"?

Given a governor has been selected ^^
And a facility has been selected ^^
And a mineral has been selected ^^
When the Purchase Mineral button is clicked <--needs an "click" event listener that triggers a "POST" that creates two new objects.
Then 1 ton of the chosen mineral should be added to the inventory of the active colony And 1 ton of the chosen mineral should be removed from the inventory 
    of the chosen mining facility <--when the post function is called it should create two objects: one for the facility_minerals that decrements the quantity by 1, and
        another for the colony_minerals that increments the total by 1. This can be done by having the respective render functions subtract or add by finding the quantity value
        of each object that shares a mineralId and combining them and rendering that result.

-Since the governorId is never going to be posted to API there should be at least two separate transient state "buckets" that we can access: one for data that is only referenced and
    and one for data that will eventually be pushed. Is this even necessary. Can the governorId be read without the transient state?

-Idea for extra work: instead of a radio button have an input field that let's you select how much of a mineral you want to buy